hide partners and description ans instead of category hackathon tim


ASX Hackathon

ASX is an integrated exchange offering listings, trading, clearing, settlement, technical and information services, technology, data and other post-trade services.

ASX acts as a market operator, clearing house and payments system facilitator. It oversees compliance with its operating rules, promotes standards of corporate governance among Australia’s listed companies and helps to educate retail investors.

ASX operates markets for a wide range of asset classes including equities, fixed income, commodities and energy. As a vertically-integrated exchange, ASX’s activities span primary and secondary market services, including the raising, allocation and hedging of capital flows; trading and price discovery; central

criteria Quality of the Idea , Demo , Buisness Value, Feasibility , Innovation , 

https://www.youtube.com/embed/IQHk9UCbQq4



ELIGIBILITY
Individuals, and teams of individuals must have reached the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence at the time of entry. Note: Employees of Progress or Devpost are not eligible to participate. See full rules for further restrictions.


REQUIREMENTS

Indicate which required and bonus components are used in your project.

Explain how your app is for a good cause.

Provide a URL to your code repository for judging and testing or a link to your functioning demo. 

Include a video (about 3 minutes) that demonstrates your submission. Videos must be uploaded to YouTube, Vimeo, or Facebook Video and made public.

adding judge from the backend

Rules 
The IP rights and policies of your employers may apply.
Demonstrations of your solutions will be public
Must use Daml technology
Must use one of the sponsors technology



challenges 
KYC Know Your Customer –  demonstrate the lifecycle of KYC (Know Your Customer) data subscriptions. Financial institutions can acquire licenses to subscribe to data streams, periodically receiving tailored research on their customers.

Market Data Service – demonstrate the lifecycle of market data subscriptions. Consumers can acquire licenses to subscribe to either raw data streams or streams enriched by analytics.












